c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\VdoValley.dll.config
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\VdoValley.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\VdoValley.pdb
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Owin.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\obj\Release\VdoValley.Migrations.initial.resources
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\obj\Release\VdoValley.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\obj\Release\VdoValley.dll
c:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\obj\Release\VdoValley.pdb
C:\Users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VdoValley\VdoValley\obj\Release\VdoValley.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\VdoValley.dll.config
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\VdoValley.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\VdoValley.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\obj\Release\VdoValley.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\obj\Release\VdoValley.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\obj\Release\VdoValley.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\obj\Release\VdoValley.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\GridMvc.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\obj\Release\VdoValley.Migrations.grgrgr.resources
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\obj\Release\VdoValley.Migrations.grgrgrhhh.resources
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\obj\Release\VdoValley.Migrations.EmbedIdFieldAdded.resources
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\obj\Release\VdoValley.Migrations.VideoDetailsViewModelCreated.resources
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\Microsoft.Web.Administration.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\obj\Release\VdoValley.Migrations.PageNameFieldAdded.resources
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\AuthorizeNet.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\obj\Release\VdoValley.Migrations.postModel.resources
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\obj\Release\VdoValley.Migrations.PostModelModified.resources
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\obj\Release\VdoValley.Migrations.PostModelModified1.resources
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\obj\Release\VdoValley.Migrations.PostModelModified2.resources
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\obj\Release\VdoValley.Migrations.ThumbnailURL_added_Video.resources
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\VdoValley.Core.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\VdoValley.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\VdoValley.Core.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\VdoValley.Infrastructure.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\AutoMapper.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\GitHub\VdoValley\VdoValley\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.pdb
